what is going on my getaway drivers and
safe crackers this is our DVD Loki
bringing you the most highly awaited
anticipated and then I don't even know
everything everything this update means
everything the final release date for
the GTA online of heights we will
finally have the full game that we paid
for the sixty dollars that was hyped up
all around these heists we're finally
getting everything our money's worth of
coming out of this game now they've also
released the PC release date which comes
in at April first along with the highest
of March tenth rockstar goes on to say
we are excited to announce the launch of
GTA online heist is scheduled for a
March 10th we know it's been a little
weight and appreciate your patience
heights will bring a brand new
four-player cooperative gameplay
experience to GTA online giving players
the chance to team up to pull off a
string of intense about you know its
heist high skies we all know what it is
we've seen the speculations the two
times a day that we've been fed
for the past year about random
everything it's finally nice to have an
official release date coming directly
from Rockstar the creators not know
leaked information nothing cracking
codes and all this you know finally have
a nice solidified date fries so now it
goes on to stay some interesting stuff
about PC which gots me wondering
Rockstar goes on to say the pc version
of grand theft auto 5 is our most
graphically and technically advanced
version yet fully optimized to support a
broad range of current hardware and
features a host of PC specific
enhancements including greater levels of
detail deeper configuration options and
ultra high definition support as well as
powerful new rock star editing for
recording staging and editing original
custom videos now this is a good news to
me this is music to my ears not when we
can maybe see some real GTA 5 content
coming out some people really being
creative I mean there's already people
out there right now but it's going to be
expanded to much broader span of
creative minds everyone with their PC
will be able to add it in
load and record video so that's great
will be even to see a lot more people
expressing themselves the way they see
GCA cuz GTA is out of all the games i've
ever played it's just the most I don't
even know most broad you can do everyone
in this game is not restricted to pretty
much anything besides the fact that they
kind of never let us turn the cops and
you know traffic off but that's beside
the point you know we got the highest
and you know that'll help us be
distracted from that for a while but you
know eventually a rock star you know if
you could just kind of turn the traffic
off and cops that'd be great but anyway
you know you guys let me know what
you're excited for about this because I
don't even know where to begin I got a
lot of more stuff coming out as they've
released information as well as a couple
of our updates about RWD itself so be
sure you stay tuned for that one check
your sub feed other than that this has
been our WT low key with our WD media
thank you for watching